Update the co-author links (#36)
withastro/contribute.docs.astro.build: src/content/docs/reviewers/reviewing-translations.md

3. FOR HACKTOBERFEST ONLY - add the `hacktoberfest-accepted` label.

> 4. Enter the PRs GitHub URL into https://coauthor.kevinzc.com/ to ensure that every reviewer and commenter will receive coauthor credit on this PR.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Enter the PRs GitHub URL into https://coauthor.kevinzc.com/ to ensure that every reviewer and commenter will receive coauthor credit on this PR. You can also install Chris' extension to include an "Add co-authors" button in your browser (available for [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/better-github-co-authors/nkemoipciaomkemfjbhfbcokpacdofnb) and [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/better-github-co-authors/)).
```

> 4. Enter the PRs GitHub URL into https://coauthor.kevinzc.com/ to ensure that every reviewer and commenter will receive coauthor credit on this PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the PR's GitHub URL into https://coauthor.kevinzc.com/ to ensure that every reviewer and commenter will receive coauthor credit on this PR. Alternatively, you can install the "Better GitHub Co-Authors" browser extension from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/better-github-co-authors/nkemoipciaomkemfjbhfbcokpacdofnb) or [Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/better-github-co-authors/). This will add an "Add co-authors" button to GitHub's UI which will directly enter participants' names into the merge commit.
```
Something like this maybe??

Author: I was trying to keep it short but yes it's better! Thanks! 🙌🏽
